From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number two 59. Recorded live
Thursday, March 27th, 2011. Support for Hansel
minutes as provided by Telerik
rad control. The most comprehensive
suite of components for windows
forms and asp.net web applications
online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with Martin Woodward about
remote Java development using TFS.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman,
and this is another episode
of Hansel minutes. Today. I'm
talking to Martin Woodward a
year in England Britain. What's
it? What's the rules. Why
say England or Britain? What's
the difference? It's a bit
controversial to begin. Mainly talking
about that can get into
dribble. You're in Ireland or
where are you now? We're
in big political trouble. Where
is, is that? That's its
own thing though. Yeah, yeah.
You say it's not part
of, it's not part of
great Britain, but it's part
of the United Kingdom of great
Britain and Northern Ireland a
tricky one, but I'm English.
So I'll take it. Okay.
So you're an English man
in Northern Ireland, but you
were Microsoft though. You worked
for Microsoft though. You're in
remote Northern Ireland and I
am in remote, Oregon. Yeah.
Working remote sometimes. And you
know, I think it's hardly
remote here only a three,
four hour drive away from
Redmond on. Yeah. Well, three
or four hours feels like
a long way to me.
How far are you from
Redmond? 2020 hour flight. I
think employees. Good. Are you
in a village or are
you in a proper city?
No, I'm in a village.
She lives in a, in
a, just in a sort
of a field, just outside
of a town called Randalstown.
If anyone knows all the
solar panels on our reef.
And so the hot water
and we actually, we actually
had free hot water this
afternoon, so that's great. I
showed you how nice it
is on only this sunny.
That's pretty progressive. So how
does an Englishman living in
Northern Ireland end up working
for Microsoft remotely? So yeah,
long story, the company I
used to work for was
a company called team price.
So that was founded by
a guy called Eric sink.
He, he, you know, very
well and many of your
listeners, you know, so, and
Eric's a cool guy. And
he had a, he was
looking to get some people
to start a, an eclipse
plugin to team foundation server
was what he was wanting
to do. And it just
so happened that I'd been,
I'd been working on kind
of a similar thing as
a side project, you know,
as many people do, I
do some dotnet and some
Java work. And when I
was in the.net world professionally,
then I would go do
some Java work on the
site. And when I was
doing some Java work professionally,
I'd go to decent.network in
my spare time to keep,
you know, keep your hand
in. And yeah, so I'd
been doing some work. I'd
been working with TFS very
early betas in a.net gig.
I was working on and,
and working on an eclipse
plug into TFS in my
spare time as an open
source project. And then Eric
sort of did a blog
post, but he was setting
up a company and you'd
have to move to champagne,
Illinois, which is a beautiful
part of the world, but
I can't move to America.
That's how many reasons I'm
happy here. So I sort
of wrote to them and
said, Hey, I would look
to work for you. I've
got these seasonal credentials kind
of thing, but a portion
I can't move to champagne.
In fact, I can't move
to America. You know, would
you still be interested really
expecting him to say no,
go away sort of thing.
W it was worth a
try and always, always wanted
to work for him. And
then, and then he said,
yes. So that was a
start of an amazing journey
team price. The company was
founded and, you know, we've
got version one out the
door and there's in TC
three and a half. And
we were so successful as
this little startup doing the
cross platform and eclipse integration
to team foundation server. Microsoft
decided to buy us one
day and, and, and yeah,
went through all the whole
thing. And that was how
I ended up working for
Mike's. So back up a
little bit, you were working
on an eclipse plugin for
TFS on, in your spare
time. So I guess the
part I'm having trouble with
is just the initial assumption
that that's a needed thing.
It sounds like it is
because it's apparently not only
was a company created, becomes,
became successful and then purchase,
but you also had happened
to be working on it.
What kind of environment would
you use TFS and eclipse?
I would think eclipse people
would want to use like
subversion clips. People, You know,
just version control is obviously
very fragmented in the world
is, you know, lots of
very popular version control products.
And none of them really
have more than say 20,
25% of the market. So
I've been working on Project
I was working on at
the time was, was appeal.net
project, but we had Java
guys in the company as
well. And, and it was
actually, our project was sort
of a web service front
end. There's some business logic
that we were coding in.net.
And it also had Java
groups talking into it, as
well as, you know, dot
net people talking into this
web service. So I could
see the need for Java
to talk, you know, Java
projects being involved in this
same overall big project that,
that was all stored in
TFS. And of course, TFS
is mobile more than just
source control. You know, it's
got overworked homes and stuff
and things like requirements and,
and books that they all
don't care about, what language
you happen to be, to
be writing your code in
a requirement, needs to be
implemented across everything. And so
that's kind of where storing
everything in one place made
sense and, and CFS, I
particularly enjoyed and particularly liked
competitive products I was using
before. And so, yeah, for,
well, this is going to,
people are definitely going to
want to do it. So
I thought I'd give it
a go. And it had
some interesting challenges in terms
of, you know, talking to
the.net web services from, from
Java and all that sort
of stuff. It was, you
know, there's some good, interesting
challenges there. So, So I'm
looking at a screenshot in
a PowerPoint that I found
online that shows IDE integration
of this foundation server and,
you know, people I've had.
I actually, we had, we
mentioned TFS recently on the
show and we had some
positives and some negatives people
have very passionate about their
source control. What I'm interested
in talking to you about
though is less about religious
arguments around source control, but
more about the idea that
I'm looking at a screenshot
within the eclipse team foundation
server, as it says, team
foundation server exploring, and it
has a picture of a
bug form someone's filling out
a bug. And then right
next to it is visual
studio, which, you know, honestly
looks exactly like eclipse, except
for the tabs are curvier
and eclipse. I mean, it's
the same icons, it's the
same exact form. It looks
like the same thing. Is
that true? Is it identical?
Yeah. Who in, in that
screenshot, who's the builder assigned
to you? By the way,
I'm just interested to hear
the screenshots from It says
ASMR is a bug assigned
to nobody. Area. Adventure works,
create a bulk created by
Martin Woodward. There you are.
There we go. It's always
good. It's amazing where your
screenshots set up. That's funny
March 11th of last year. Yes,
you are checking in. See
Martin demo vs. Billing service,
The classic billing service. Hello,
world. Bad example. What was
the question? I forgot where
you were at, you were
asking, Well, I'm looking at
eclipse and it looks identical.
The visual studio, I mean,
big integrated IDs are big
integrated ideas. It seems, but
I'm looking at team Explorer
and they both look like
they're exactly the same. Are
you writing this to basically
copy? I mean like, do
you just take exactly what
they do in vs and
then just do the exact
same thing. So there's some
extent where that is true.
Eclipses has got its own
sort of language, you know,
in terms of how people
use it. So if you
were to look at the,
the version controls stuff inside
of eclipse, everything lives under
a team menu. So you,
you know, you right click.
And even if you don't
currently have version control installed,
you might click, you'd go
to team. And then there
would be a share project.
You know, if you had
a project that wasn't bound
to anything, and then from
that, you would pick your
version control provider. And this
is just the version control.
Now you pick your version
control provider and, you know,
be it CVS or TFS
or subversion or get, or
something like that. And then
when you pick one of
those, you then connect up
to your version control provider
and have check code in
and share the project with,
with people on your team.
So we, in, in, in
eclipse, we live under the
team menu and we don't
do anything of noxious, like,
you know, stick up great,
big visual studio icon over
your eclipse icon, or, you
know, suddenly make it so
you can check in anything
apart from C sharp or
something like that. You know,
it's all, it's all very
respectful and eclipse. And we,
we stick to the, the
sort of UI design conventions
for the coding in eclipse.
We stick to all those,
but then there's a bunch
of other stuff there's not
version control. That's things like
work items and builds and,
you know, being able to
build and being able to
look at build results, those
sorts of things, a server
build. So TFS build and,
and you want to do
all those without leaving your
ID, or some people wants
to do all those without
leaving the idea, you know,
there's, there's you talk about
religious debates about version of
the job, is it, you
know, there's always religious debates
about, are you in the
ID kind of guy or
an outside of the ID
kind of guy, and this
is all inside the ID
inside the class. Well, yeah,
in terms of, in terms
of that side, we tried
to be very much authentic
to visual studio. We do,
we do change things a
little bit around to make
it more eclipsed. So for
instance, we, when you're doing
a bill, there's no point
in bringing up, if you
want to create a new
build, you don't want to
create a new, you know,
build against a solution file.
You probably in eclipse are
more likely to want to
create a build against an
unscript or exam aunts. You
know, what they're gonna use
in the Java world or
Maven is also very common
in the Java world. We
don't show you a solution
file. We show you files
and even files, and you
go, you go pick your
heel or even build script
and go on the bill.
But in terms of the
wording that we live in,
the eclipse splice paste places,
we use the TFS words.
So, and that confuses some
people, you know, when they've
come from say subversion or
something like that. So check
out for us is, Hey
server, I'd like to add
it, this file not I'd
like to download this file,
which you know, which is
what it means to a
subversion person, or we have
get and check in rather
than update and things like
that. So we use the
TFS words, but in the
eclipse places, does that make
sense? I see. So you,
you, people who are used
to eclipse will go looking
for the command, they'll find
it in the right place.
It's just maybe using the
TFS term. Yeah. You still
need to, you still using
a different product. Are you
still using TFS? We don't
try and pretend where subversion
or something like that. We
were very much surface TFS
in your face kind of
thing. And, and, and, you
know, make you very aware
that you are using this
sort of system. So it
means that people who've learned
TFS on, you know, quite
a lot of people, like
I did switch IDs a
lot and, and it makes,
it makes that part easy.
It also means that there's
only one set of trainings
for people to do. And
still, you know, when they're
getting familiar, they can ask
anyone in their company, Hey,
how do we do, how
do we do something? The
source control, how do we
branch? How do we, how
do we do a build?
And the dotnet guy could
tell the eclipse guy how
to do it. And they
would both, they would both
get there or vice versa.
This is all written in
Java. So everything inside. Yeah.
It's all 100% job. Okay.
There's a little bit of
native code in there to
do some, some stuff that
Java can't do well. So
we also, as well as
there's like 99.9, 9% Java
code, and then we have
a little bit of native
code that, that does things
like certain files read only
reliably, which Java can't do
in all versions of Java
and doing some blocking and
talking to talking to curb
Ross. We, we, we do
some authentication hooks as a
say on, on Linux. You
might want to hook into
it. You platforms coboss libraries.
If you've, if you've bound
your Linux workstation to active
directory, for example, and you
want a single sign on
and all that. So we
use a bit of native
code as well. Well, that's
using J and I, you
know, we don't, we're not,
we're not doing anything crazy,
like equivalent of sort of
PMO can out to some.net
assembly or running maneuver as
well as jar or anything
crazy like that. It's all
Java. And this works on
just on eclipse, on windows
or eclipse on. Yeah. I
mean, we have, we, we,
we don't. So most of
the, you mean, people listen
to them over the whole,
like a horrible term dogfooding
so we dog food, we
use it ourselves. We have
like a third of the
team on windows, a third
on Mac and a third
on Linux developing day to
day. And that catches most
things cause screen layouts tend
to be a bit different
on different platforms. And obviously
the difference between say Unix
file syntax and windows file
syntax is very different. So
I'm just, dogfooding on those
few things, catches a lot
of issues. And then we
go test on, on other
platforms like Solaris and AIX,
and HPUX those sorts of
things. We run everywhere that
eclipse runs everywhere, that Java
runs. So how does that
work? How do you test
all those things? Do you
have a lab somewhere that's
got Solaris, A lab and,
you know, we have a,
it's amazing the hardware you
can find laying around in
Microsoft, went looking for. So
we had an AIX box
that was, we had an
old version of AIX, 5.8,
5.9 or something like that.
And one particular customer having
a problem with Kerberos implementation
on AIX six one. And
we didn't have that in
our lab. So, so we
went around, looking at Microsoft
and found somebody else who
happened to be getting a
new AI X-Box since we
went and bought their AI,
X-Box with it and some
testing. So amazing. Microsoft's a
lot more mixed than people
realize, you know, we do.
We do. We develop for
all sorts of platforms as
well as our own. Hi,
this is Scott coming to
you from another place in
time. Are you using agile
practices to manage your software
development? There's lots of tools
in the market that manage
the steps of a project,
but most of them focus
on individual roles, get ready
for a solution that caters
for the success of the
whole team. Guys at Tellerik
introduced team pulse to an
agile project management tool. That'll
help you gather ideas, estimate
plan, track progress in a
common workspace. Finally, companies, regardless
of their size can use
a lightweight and convenient tool
that makes all the stakeholders
work as a United team.
Even if they're in different
countries by combining intuitive user
interface and the power server
light team poles removes the
roadblocks that you typically face
and applying agile in an
effective manner, no more lost
data, no disparate systems, no
lack of critical analytics regarding
the health and philosophy project.
See if yourself get a
free copy for five users
in one project at tellerik.com/team
pulse. And please do thank
tolerance for supporting Hansel minutes
on their Facebook fan page,
facebook.com/t L E R I
K color. We do appreciate
it. They wouldn't be a,
and if there wasn't, Tellerik
helping us. One time, I
took a Mac into Microsoft
to the, where the, the
guys that make office for
the Mac and they have
a Mac lab. There was
a guy with a Mac
lab. He's got like 40
max. And you basically walk
in with your Mac and
he puts the Microsoft image
of the macro S X
O S tan, rather Not
the image. I don't know
if this story that this
is a lab down in
Mac B, you might boo
in on Silicon Valley. And
they have just this rack
as like tables for Mac
minis, where they, where they
do all their automated testing.
Cause you know, most of
the bigger, bigger test automation.
And so they have all
the UI test automation scripts
running on the, all these
Mac minis and a huge
lab. Let's just start there.
It's bizarre to see. You're
still trying to get my
head around. You're in Northern
Ireland. So are you the
only Java person or are
there others? The, the rovers
we have. So team price,
the company, when we, we,
we sold the technology, you
know, the source code and
everything over to Microsoft and
then over developers and global
people were by Microsoft as
well. And so we came
to work, Microsoft. We had
to go through the whole
interview process. That was interesting
going through all the technical
interviews and all that sort
of thing, which was a
surprising thing at a time,
we didn't realize we were
going, going to go through
a technical interview. You know,
we we'd never been bought
before. Whereas Microsoft are obviously
experts at buying people and
we just turned up one
day in a, in a
conference room expecting, you know,
a chat. Cause we used
to talk to the TFS
team all the time. Anyway.
And then, you know, I
went off and talked to
one of the guys, one
of the managers in the
TFS team and he asked
me to coach some questions.
You know, he asked me
how I would, how old
I think it was how
I would convert a entered
incident to a string or
something, or vice versa, no
string to an integer. I
think it was or something
like that. And I was
like, Oh, just use, you
know, introduce adult pause in,
how would you code it?
And I'm like, Oh, I
do. I think, can you
write it on a whiteboard
and start, Oh, hang on
a minute. Is this a,
is this an interview? He's
like, yeah. Oh, okay. So
then we had a technical
NCC for the day and
over guys and team price.
They were based in Illinois
and they all moved to
North Carolina. So the team foundation
server team is split between
North Carolina and Redmond. And you
know, it was a big
bunch of guys in North Carolina.
And so that's where all
the, the, the team post
guys moved to. And then
a few of the Microsoft
people came and joined the
team as well, which is
good. So easy to recruit
Java people around North Carolina, for
some reason. And then Redmond,
you know, It's interesting that,
that Microsoft is doing more
stuff on other platforms that
aren't windows. Like. I mean,
just, just the fact that
you're saying that you've got
this running everywhere, you know,
Solarix and Solaris and AIX
and all over the place.
And then I just downloaded
a one note for the
iPhone and that crazy. I
know the Bing stuff as
well, but they do that
thing absolutely. Incredibly popular. Yeah.
So, I mean, it's just,
it's like what other stuff
is running around this company
that we don't know about?
Yeah. I mean, listen sent
it to a lot of
stuff as well. I mean,
we get to see a
lot of these people because
obviously TFS is used a
lot internally in Microsoft as
a source control system and
work homes. And so the
sorts of people tend to
come out the woodwork suite.
We hear about them all
the time, you know, cause
they need to use our
client to talk to TFS
from non windows platforms. You
know, it's what we use
internally most of today. And
so it's, yeah, it's interesting
to hear about more the
sort of like seeing the
ones we use a lot,
you know, he's a product
a lot, obviously they're big
on the Mac and the
civil ICLR guys or one
of our biggest early customers
at Microsoft when we went
back when, when we were
at team price. Ah, okay.
So you're interesting. So the
Silverlight team that makes Silverlight
work on the Mac is
running eclipse on the Mac
or they're running. They actually
use, we have a command
line as well. So they
use the command line mostly
because it's all into their
automation stuff. So those guys
editing away, you know, whatever
they use via VM or
Emacs, whatever. I don't think
they use much hex code
on the Mac. They just
hack away and then check
in using the command line,
you know, TF check in
a certain file and off
they go and work and
all the build process as
well. But they have, they
have to build the Silverlight
on the, on macOS 10,
you know, to make it
compile my host hand and,
and all that builds. Stuff's
automated using our, our command
line as well. Which, which
wardens, anywhere Java runs again.
Oh, so it's a command
line, job application as well.
Yeah. So just like the
command line application for on,
you know, when you install
visual studio, you get a
TF command, which allows you
to talk to team foundation
server. That's when in.net, if
you install, you know, just
visual studio, but if you
have a job version of
the command line in it,
it runs Java. So there's
a bit of overhead there
in terms of firing of
her JVM, just like there
is in.net firing the CLR,
but, but it works pretty
well. And there's some tricks
to keep it around in
memory and stuff. So it
works quite well. No, no,
I'm a remote guy and
I know what it's like
to be, to be remote.
And I know that, you
know, sometimes you get looked
at a little differently. People
treat you a slightly differently
because you're remote. Sometimes they're
frustrated that you're remote and
you're probably as a remote
person in another time zone,
it's an even bigger problem.
But being, it's one thing
to be remote. It's another
to be a remote in
another time zone, but to
be remote and running Java.
And in other times, doesn't
that make you feel a
little separate problem. And how
long have you worked here
now? Well, year and a
quarter now. So you're in
the court. You are now.
No, I would say in
some ways, well maybe it
does make me feel a
bit separate. So I'm officially
a program manager. So even,
even though I do some
development, I check, I check
in code into, into the
eclipse plugin, into team, explore
everywhere, but I'm a program
manager. And so kind of
my jobs to be out
there, figuring out what we
need to do for the
product. And I think being
remote kind of helps your
stay separate from the whole
Redmond bubble. You know, there's
a, there's this bit of
a, you can, you can
easily the huge campuses, Microsoft,
you can easily forget that
there's a world outside your
window that doesn't know anything
about you that doesn't know
anything about Microsoft technologies. You
know, whereas being out here
in little field in Randallstown
and we're living out in
the field as you call
it in Mosul terms, but
living out in the community,
I think it really helps
me keep the perspective as
to what the real world's
like, what, what people would
proper jobs after or their
frustrations, or does it help
you being without, do you
think from staying out of
that whole Microsoft thing? Yeah.
I've talked about it before
on the, on the show,
I call it the Redmond
reality distortion field. I give
the Redmond guys a hard
time. Cause it's all I
have is the ability to
do that is to give
them a hard time. Cause
they're there. But you know,
I just remind them that
when was the last, I
mean, this is the thing
and I get in trouble
for this regularly, but I
mean, you know how it
is, you talk to someone
who's maybe worked there 20,
30 years and you say
something like, when was the
last time you shipped something
outside of Microsoft? You know?
Cause it's frustrating to talk
to people who think they
have it all figured out,
right? They think they have
the way the software works
in the real world. I'll
figure it out. And then
you find that any they've
never worked anywhere else. So
they know how to ship
software at Microsoft. But you
know, I really respect people
who quit Microsoft go off
and like work for an
insurance company or something and
suffer and then come back.
You see what I'm saying?
Right. Yeah. Yeah. And that's,
I had an interesting one
of those very recently. So
I was talking to somebody
and we were doing some
work and we were trying
to figure out how to
have to do something. And
in the, in the windows
side, the command line, when
it needs to do a
particular thing, if it couldn't
figure out what It would
pop up And it would,
you know, ask a question
in this window and have
a whole windowing interface to
solve it. And I was
like, you do, as we
can't, you know, I can't
do that from Linux. And
they were like, why not?
I was like, pardon me?
Why can't you pop up
a dialogue? Is it not
technically possible? And you know,
went down this whole, surely
you can just call this
API and look, you can
see, you can pop up
a window and I could
technically maybe pop up a
window if someone happened to
be logged into a graphical
interface. But most of the
time they're SSH 10 and
they're not really actually, you
know, we don't have an
X window connection back and
command lines just don't do
that on Linux. It's just,
yeah, it was funny. Just
there's some assumptions which people
make, which they don't realize
they're making just from the
background and sort of Microsoft's
in technology and things. And
hopefully being, being remote helps
some of that. The, there
is frustrations as well, but
the time zones, probably the
biggest frustration for me. I
mean, it's not too bad
because the majority of my,
my team over in North Carolina,
which is only sort of
five hours, different four hours
at the moment, but you
know, Redmond's avail pain. Cause
you, you, you guys start,
you know, when I at
five o'clock and if I
work normal hours and I
should be finishing around about
then. So if I wanted
to have any meetings with
anyone, it's always eating into
family time and things are,
that's the only frustration. I
think that I've not been
able to get why around
a whiteboard together. You know,
this time I haven't found
an adequate replacement for getting
around a whiteboard. The closest
I've found is just pointing
a, a webcam at a
whiteboard civically and enjoying on
it. Cause even all those
fancy whiteboard programs and all
those sorts of things, none
of those work very well.
I found, I don't know
unless you've heard anything better
than that. There's a, I
think there's a whiteboard program
built into windows, live messenger.
And I bought up $50.
I bought a $50 Wacom
tablet, but no, it's not
the same. Yeah. They never
worked very well. And you,
you know, you, you writing's
always with child. I shouldn't
even with a tablet PC.
There's never, there's never the
same as cause if you
look at what you draw
on a whiteboard, when you're
talking on a whiteboard, the
value isn't in what you've
written on the whiteboard often
it's like a squiggle for
nobody could read, you know,
if he took a picture
of it later, it doesn't
mean anything. It was the
process of getting up and
standing up with a pen
and explaining it to somebody
and talking it through that.
That was the valuable thing.
I don't know. That's that's
the thing I miss most
a white board. Yeah. Do
you think that this will
last a long time? I
mean, how long can you
work at Microsoft remotely from
Northern Ireland, between Java at
some point, will you have
to stop or will you
get tired? You know, but
didn't for six years and,
and then, okay, so far
seem to be doing quite
well. There's definitely. So in,
in Microsoft terms, you what's,
you what's called an individual
contributor. You know, you don't,
you don't have people, you
don't have people reporting to
you. So there's a limit
in terms of career versus,
you know, as an individual
contributor, as an IC, they
call that you can get
to before you don't have
anyone reporting to you, but
in Microsoft, that's actually a
lot. You can get a
lot higher and you know,
you can get very far
in the company and never
have anyone reporting to you.
It is amazing. The Microsoft
is an interesting company because
woman, you, you find the
same thing. You know, you
get the same, you get
the same people. You get
working everywhere in parts of
the company. So the same,
you know, stupid people work
here just slightly work everywhere,
but then you'll turn the
corner and you'll, you'll you'll
you meet the most brilliant
person you've ever met in
your entire life. You know,
you realize that you're never,
ever going to be remotely,
as clever as this person
was before breakfast. Was it
a dinner when it was
over? And I was over
in Redmond recently and I
was sat down at one
of these, these fancy dinner
things. And you know, you
go around the table, shaking
hands of people like at
a wedding reception, when you
come in, you know, all,
everybody shakes hands and sort
of introduces themselves. And a
lot of sat down and
shake hands with one guy.
We, we have a chat,
you know, introduced herself. And
she said, I turned to
my right and this guy
goes, hello. I am unders
it didn't sound like Sean
Connery, but it was, it
was under, What am I
going to talk to you
about that one this next
half hour? You know, I'm
a job guy. I barely
understand, you know, Lincoln, all
these new things that are
in C sharp. So, but
we ended up having a
great conversation. He was, again,
he was annoyingly well-read, but
I was a physicist and
I never did computer science.
I did physics. And so,
you know, it was talking
to, we were talking about
some stuff around there and
how you could end conversation
about how you could possibly
use computer modeling to model
superstition and how maybe that's
what's happening with the current
economic climate. So it was
a bizarre conversation, but, but
good. But there's an example
of a brilliant guy. He
works here. Yeah. It is
funny. I, when I, there
are equally, there are stupid
people at the company. When
you said that though, I
was thinking to myself. Yes,
but are stupid people. They're
just so passionate. Well, no,
it should be the wrong
word, but you know what
I mean? Forcibly there. Yeah.
And what they lack in
common sense. They make up
for being super excited. Yeah.
I found myself saying super
a lot. Most of my
kids hate it. And the
other thing is I started
reading dates wrong. So I've
worked for American companies for
nearly 10 years now, since
working with Microsoft started doing
dates of the month before
the day I read a
day, my wife gave me
a date. That's an important
thing. And I put it
in the diary in the
wrong month because I'd read
it the wrong way round.
Yeah. I can totally relate.
I can totally relate. All
right. Well, thanks for talking
to me, Martin. I really
appreciate it. It's good to
talk to other remote people
at Microsoft and especially ones
that aren't necessarily working on
typical Microsoft stuff. This has
been another episode of Hansel
minutes. We'll see you again
next week.